Update softwarereview_editor_management.Rmd (#958)
ropensci/dev_guide: softwarereview_editor_management.Rmd

- Invite editors to the rOpenSci GitHub organization as member, as a member of the [`editors` team](https://github.com/orgs/ropensci/teams/editors) and the [`data-pkg-editors`](https://github.com/orgs/ropensci/teams/data-pkg-editors) or [`stats-board`](https://github.com/orgs/ropensci/teams/stats-board) sub-team, as appropriate.  This will give them appropriate permissions and allow them to get team-specific notifications.

> - Editors need access to the AirTable database of software review (see link in the description of the editors-only channel on Slack).

Author: ```suggestion
- Editors need access to the AirTable database of software review (linked in the description of the editors-only channel on Slack).
```
